# lawn-mower 1.1

## Overview
Lawn-mower finds all of the files in one or more directories and moves them to
another one. At first I thought this would be a silly project, because it takes
thought and care to organize a Desktop. Then I realized, I literally never
click on Desktop icons. So I made a script that checks for items periodically
and moves them to a specified folder. If I really care, I can always go find
these items later.

After beginning the project, I realized that windows desktops are generated by
several different filepaths. Mine comes from the local user desktop, the public
user desktop, and the OneDrive user desktop. For that reason, the config JSON
takes a list of files to look in, called SWEEPS.

At this time, DUSTBIN, the variable tracking where the files are placed, only
takes one filepath and it should be a directory. If the directory in DUSTBIN
doesn't exist, it will be created.

You can place the names of any files to be ignored in the IGNORES array. This
should be file names, not file paths. Also, any items which would be overwritten are instead ignored.

## Setup
After cloning the repository, change the name of <code>example_config.json</code>
 to <code>config.json</code> and open it.

    {
        "SWEEPS": [
            "C:\\Users\\Public\\Desktop"
            ],
        "DUSTBIN": "C:\\Users\\Public\\Dustbin",
        "IGNORES": []
    }

Place the filepaths to be checked in an array under SWEEPS. On Windows, remember
to use double backslash between directories. Place the path to move files to in
DUSTBIN. Add the filenames of any files you don't want moved in the IGNORES
array.

You need the Python package schedule. This can be installed into a virtual
environment on windows using the provided <code>install.bat</code>.

## Running
Run with python.exe in a terminal to see the working log printed as the script
executes.

On Windows, use the <code>lawn-mower.bat</code> to run in the installed venv with
pythonw.exe. This will maintain the process in the background. You then need to
use <code>taskkill /pid -processId- /f</code> to kill the process.

While the program is active, it will run about every 2 minutes.

## Next Steps
 - I want to package the program in an .exe for portability.
 - I may expand the logic to organize files, not just move them all in a heap.
 - Add modified frequency
